doc improvement: style fixes in Other samples (#6797)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/peripheral/radio_test/README.rst

You can configure the Skyworks front-end module (FEM) antenna output and activation delay using the main shell commands of the :ref:`radio_test_ui`.

Overview
********

> You can run the tests by connecting to the development kit through the serial port and sending shell commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests, connect to the development kit through the serial port and send shell commands.
```

Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:shell_api` module is used to handle the commands.
At any time during the tests, you can dynamically set the radio parameters, such as output power, bit rate, and channel.
In sweep mode, you can set the time for which the radio scans each channel from 1 millisecond to 99 milliseconds, in steps of 1 millisecond.
The sample also allows you to send a data pattern to another development kit.

> The sample starts with enabling the high frequency crystal oscillator and configuring the shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample first enables the high frequency crystal oscillator and configures the shell.
```

Testing
=======

> After programming the sample to your development kit, test it by performing the folowing steps in one of two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After programming the sample to your development kit, complete the following steps to test it in one of the following two ways:
```

   The kits are assigned a COM port (Windows) or ttyACM device (Linux), which is visible in the Device Manager.
#. |connect_terminal_both|

> #. Run the following commands on one of the kits:

Reviewer: You also need an empty line before starting another list within a list.
